AsyncioScopeManager based on contextvars and supporting Tornado 6 (#118)
opentracing/opentracing-python: testbed/test_multiple_callbacks/README.md

Implementation details:
- For `threading`, a thread-safe counter is put in each `Span` to keep track of the pending callbacks, and call `Span.finish()` when the count becomes 0.
- For `gevent`, `tornado`, `asyncio` and `contextvars` the children coroutines representing the subtasks are simply yielded over, so no counter is needed.
- For `tornado`, the invoked coroutines do not set any active `Span` as doing so messes the used `StackContext`. So yielding over **multiple** coroutines is not supported.

> - For `contextvars`, parent context propagating to the children coroutines implicitly, manual context activation has been avoided. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For `contextvars`, parent context is propagated to the children coroutines implicitly, manual context activation has been avoided. 
```
